Add migration guide for Python v0.4 (#796)
inngest/website: pages/docs/reference/python/migrations/v0.3-to-v0.4.mdx

> # v0.3 to v0.4 migration guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Migration guide for v0.3 to v0.4 Python SDK 
```

I'm on the fence here.

It makes sense to keep the title as you suggested because users will infer the context from the sidebar. That being said, the SEO/algolia will not.

Do you think this version is too verbose?

> This guide will help you migrate your Inngest Python SDK from v0.3 to v0.4 by providing a summary of the breaking changes. The `v0.4` release also includes new features, which can be found in the [release notes](TODO).

Reviewer: Remember to add the link 💜

Its return type is now `None` since modifying data should happen by mutating args.

### `transform_output`

Replaced the `output` arg with `result` arg. Its type is the new `inngest.TransformOutputResult` class:
```py
class TransformOutputResult:
    # Mutations to these fields within middleware will be kept after running
    # middleware
    error: typing.Optional[Exception]
    output: object

    # Mutations to these fields within middleware will be discarded after
    # running middleware
    step: typing.Optional[TransformOutputStepInfo]

class TransformOutputStepInfo:
    id: str
    op: execution.Opcode
    opts: typing.Optional[dict[str, object]]
```

Its return type is now `None` since modifying data should happen by mutating args.

## Require `timeout` arg in `step.invoke` and `step.invoke_by_id`

When calling `step.invoke` or `step.invoke_by_id`, you must now provide a `timeout` argument. This ensures that the function doesn't hang indefinitely.

## Removed exports

- `inngest.FunctionID` -- No use case.
- `inngest.Output` -- Replaced by `inngest.TransformOutputResult`.

## Removed `async_mode` arg in `inngest.django.serve`

> This argument is no longer needed since we infer async mode based on the Inngest functions you declare. If you have 1 or more `async` Inngest functions then we'll enable async mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This argument is no longer needed since Inngest infers async mode based on the Inngest functions you declare. If you have one or more `async` Inngest functions, Inngest will enable async mode.
```

## `NonRetriableError`

> Removed the `cause` arg since it wasn't actually used. We'll eventually reintroduce it in a proper way.

Reviewer: fyi here "we" refers to our team so I'm keeping it.
